0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, before:

Redirections README
0) This script prints hello world
1) This script display a confuse smiley
2) this script displays content of file
4) This script displays 10 last line of a file
5) This script displays10 first line of a file
6) This script display the third line of iacta file
7) this script creats a file with a content
8) this script saves current states of directories
9) This script duplicate the last line of a file
10) This script delete all files with extension .js
11) This script count a nunber of directories an sub-directories in a current directory
12) This script displays 10 newest fikes in the current directory
13) this script takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once.
14) this script Display lines containing the pattern “root” 
15) This script Display the number of lines that contain the pattern “bin”
16) This script Display lines containing the pattern “root” and 3 lines after them in the file
17) this script Display all the lines in the file /etc/passwd that do not contain the pattern “bin”.
18) This script Display all lines of the file /etc/ssh/sshd_config starting with a letter.
19) This script Replace all characters A and c from input to Z and e respectively.
20) This script removes all letters c and C from input.
101) This script lists all the files with a .gif extension
102) This script that parses web servers logs in TSV format as input and displays the 11 hosts or IP addresses which did the most requests.
103) This script parses web servers logs in TSV format as input and displays the 11 hosts or IP addresses which did the most requests.

Commit message:

Empty casks make the most noise

0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, after:

Redirections README
0) This script prints hello world
1) This script display a confuse smiley
2) this script displays content of file
4) This script displays 10 last line of a file
5) This script displays10 first line of a file
6) This script display the third line of iacta file
7) this script creats a file with a content
8) this script saves current states of directories
9) This script duplicate the last line of a file
10) This script delete all files with extension .js
11) This script count a nunber of directories an sub-directories in a current directory
12) This script displays 10 newest fikes in the current directory
13) this script takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once.
14) this script Display lines containing the pattern “root” 
15) This script Display the number of lines that contain the pattern “bin”
16) This script Display lines containing the pattern “root” and 3 lines after them in the file
17) this script Display all the lines in the file /etc/passwd that do not contain the pattern “bin”.
18) This script Display all lines of the file /etc/ssh/sshd_config starting with a letter.
19) This script Replace all characters A and c from input to Z and e respectively.
20) This script removes all letters c and C from input.
100) This script finds all empty files in a current directory
101) This script lists all the files with a .gif extension
102) This script that parses web servers logs in TSV format as input and displays the 11 hosts or IP addresses which did the most requests.
103) This script parses web servers logs in TSV format as input and displays the 11 hosts or IP addresses which did the most requests.
